      SCENE II. Athens. QUINCE'S house.             A Midsummer Night's Dream         Link to /Shakespeare Shakespeare homepage       |  Link to /Shakespeare/midsummer/ Midsummer Night's Dream       | Act 4, Scene 2            Link to midsummer.4.1.html Previous scene      |  Link to midsummer.5.1.html Next scene    SCENE II. Athens. QUINCE'S house.   Enter QUINCE, FLUTE, SNOUT, and STARVELING    
        QUINCE    Have you sent to Bottom's house ? is he come home yet?     STARVELING    He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt he is   transported.     FLUTE    If he come not, then the play is marred: it goes   not forward, doth it?     QUINCE    It is not possible: you have not a man in all   Athens able to discharge Pyramus but he.     FLUTE    No, he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft 
    m a n   i n  Athens.     QUINCE    Yea and the best person too; and he is a very   paramour for a sweet voice.     FLUTE    You must say 'paragon:' a paramour is, God bless us,   a thing of naught.  Enter SNUG    SNUG    Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and   there is two or three lords and ladies more married:   if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made   men.     FLUTE 
    O  s we et  b ul ly  Bottom! Thus hath he lost sixpence a   day during his life; he could not have 'scaped   sixpence a day: an the duke had not given him   sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I'll be hanged;   he would have deserved it: sixpence a day in   Pyramus, or nothing.  Enter BOTTOM    BOTTOM    Where are these lads? where are these hearts?     QUINCE    Bottom! O most courageous day!
 O  mos t h app y h our !       BOTTOM    Masters, I am to discourse wonders: but ask me not   what; for if I tell you, I am no true Athenian. I   will tell you every thing, right as it fell out.     QUINCE    Let us hear, sweet Bottom.     BOTTOM    Not a word of me. All that I will tell you is, that   the duke hath dined. Get your apparel together,   good strings to your beards, new ribbons to y
our    pu mps;  mee t pr esen tly  at t he palace; every man look   o'er his part; for the short and the long is, our   play is preferred. In any case, let Thisby have   clean linen; and let not him that plays the lion   pair his nails, for they shall hang out for the   lion's claws. And, most dear actors, eat no onions   nor garlic, for we are to utter sweet breath; and I   do not doubt but to he
